Feature/apiary (#41)
infinum/ios-handbook: Networking/Apiary and API call mocking.md

## What is Apiary? 

> Apiary is that tool that lets you build your API extremely fast, allows you to build functional API in a single day, sometimes even a few hours. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Apiary is a tool that lets you build a functional mocked API really fast, in a single day or even in a few hours.
```

## How does it work?

> You can look at Apiary like an online collection of `JSON` responses with a bit more power. You get some base URL and all you have to do is define `endpoints` and their `response`. Example of one such response can be seen below :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can look at Apiary like an online collection of `JSON` responses with a bit more power. You get some base URL, and all you have to do is define **endpoints** and their **responses**. Example of one such response can be seen below:
```

```json

## Some API Endpoint [/apiEndpoint]

### GET some information [GET]

+ Response 200 (application/json)

        [
            {
                "information": "Favourite programming language?",
                "published_at": "2015-08-05T08:40:51.620Z",
                "choices": [
                    {
                        "choice": "Swift",
                        "votes": 1
                    }
                ]
            }
        ]

### POST some information [POST]

+ Response 201 (application/json)

    + Headers

            Location: /collection/2

    + Body

            {
                "information": "Favourite programming language?",
                "published_at": "2015-08-05T08:40:51.620Z",
                "choices": [
                    {
                        "choice": "Swift",
                        "votes": 2
                    } 
                ]
            }

```
Apiary usually uses `API Blueprint`, a powerful high-level API description language for web APIs, more details on that can be found [here](https://apiblueprint.org).

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ## Why Apiary ?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Why Apiary?
```

> Here are some of reasons why you might want to add apiary to your project: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some of the reasons why you might want to add Apiary to your project: 
```

> * **Easy to learn**, not just for developers, but for testers also

Reviewer: Please use dash as separator and end them with dot.

* **Multiplatform sync**, once written API can be used for iOS, Android or Web 

> * **Time-saving**, takes only **1** person to setup mock for multiple platforms

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Time-saving**, takes only **one** person to setup mock for multiple platforms
```

> * **Documentation!** As you write your responses, apiary will automatically generate great documentation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Documentation!** As you write your responses, Apiary will automatically generate great documentation
```

* **Traffic inspector** - one click away from all of the API traffic

> * **Easy changes**, no need to rebuild project to apply changes, just edit apiary

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Easy changes**, no need to rebuild project to apply changes, just edit Apiary config
```

> * **Improves testability**, QA can go through most test cases without support of the backend

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Improves testability**, QA can go through most of the test cases without support of a backend
```

* Because it is **awesome**

>   

Reviewer: Remove extra new line
```suggestion
```

## Know your limits

> Here are some of the limitations of apiary:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some of the Apiary limitations:
```

* **You need network connection** - no internet, no mocking

> * **Backend Speed**, Apiary is usually very fast so developers might get a wrong feeling about some response times

Reviewer: Use dash rather than comma for separating keyword and description, just like for the first bullet

> * **Changes**, if the app has to update some value, it might be a bit harder to mock

Reviewer: Here as well and all places below

* **Editing by hand**, all the mocks are just one large JSON file

* **Merging**, multiple people editing at the same time

> * **Privacy**, responses are publically available, clients might dislike that, this is the reason why you will need to ask your clients to use apiary

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Privacy** - responses are publicly available, which can be an issue for some of our clients. Before using Apiary on your project please check with the client.
```

> ## Apiary setup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Setup
```

> Step 1 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Step 1
```

* Visit [Apiary.io](https://apiary.io), sign up and enter your information.

> Step 2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Step 2
```

* Give your API a name, your project name should be fine, and pick API format; You can choose between `Api Blueprint` and `Swagger`. If you are not sure which format to pick, just go with the default.

> Step 3

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Step 3
```

> * Already Done? Almost. Now navigate to `Inspector`. Here you can see all of the latest requests, however at the moment that will probably be empty. Right now you should see something like this: `Listening at https://some-private-link-here.com` . Now copy that link!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Already done? Almost. Now navigate to `Inspector`. Here you can see all of the latest requests, however at the moment that will probably be empty. Right now you should see something like this: `Listening at https://some-private-link-here.com`. Now copy that link!
```

> Step 4

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Step 4
```

* Go back to `Editor`. Replace `HOST: https://polls.apiblueprint.org/` with `HOST: https://that-private-link-you-just-copied.com`

At this moment setup is done and you should end up with something like this:
 

> ![Default](https://i.imgur.com/BHfNWfT.png)

Reviewer: No need for 3rd party storing service, just put images in `resources` folder (or images, not sure at the moment)) and reference them via relative path (open some of bitrise tutorials and see how is done there)

[ 1 ] = Base URL

[ 2 ] = API Endpoint

[ 3 ] = Method that will be used, `GET` / `POST` / `DELETE` ...

[ 4 ] = In case you liked Apiary and want to create a bigger team.

[ 5 ] = Save button, you should press it after every change

[ 6 ] = Add up to 5 people to project for free

[ 7 ] = Navigation between multiple APIs

Now all you have to do is add a bunch of endpoints along with their responses and voila, you have your API mock :)

> ## Connecting you app with apiary

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Connecting your app
```

> First of all there are multiple ways to connect apiary with your app, you can mock whole app or only a few screens. In example below will be shown how to mock whole app.

Reviewer 2: `In example below will be shown how to mock whole app`
This doesn't feel right.

You can try checking your text with tools like Grammarly

> First of all there are multiple ways to connect apiary with your app, you can use mocking for the whole app or only a few screens. In the example below will be shown how to set up a mock for the whole app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are multiple ways to connect Apiary with your app: you can use mocking for the entire app or only a few screens. In the example below will be shown how to set up a mock for the entire app.
```

> Step 1:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Step 1
```

> * If you don't already have add some enum that will represent your `base` URLs and add your **mock** URL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you already don't have, add some constant that will represent your `base` URLs and add your **mock** URL
```

```swift
enum Base: String { 
        case api = "https://backend.project.com/something/api" 
        case mock = "https://private-4d7af-project18.apiary-mock.com" 
    }
```

> Step 2:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Step 2
```

> * Add singleton that will control current base url 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add a singleton that will control current base URL 
```

```swift
class Selection {
        static let current = Selection()
        
        private(set) var base: Constants.AppUrl.Base = .api 
    }
```

> Step 3:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Step 3
```

* Add some button on login screen, and click have following line executed

```swift
    Selection.current = .mock

    //Login
```
* But don't forget to hide that button on production

```swift
#if STORE 
    mockLoginButton.isHidden = true
#endif
```

> And that should be it, now your app is ready for some mocking

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And that should be it. Your app is ready for some mocking!
```

## Closing words

> There is much more that Apiary can offer you, these are just basics. All of above is possible to do with free version, however there is also paid version that provides much more functionality, for more info about apiary click here [here](https://apiary.io/how-apiary-works).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There is much more that Apiary can offer you, these are just basics. All of above is possible to do with free version, however there is also paid version that provides much more functionality. For more info about apiary click here [here](https://apiary.io/how-apiary-works).
```
This should be a new sentence.

> There is much more that Apiary can offer you, these are just basics. All of the above is possible to do with a free version, however, there is also a paid version that provides much more functionality. For more info about Apiary click here [here](https://apiary.io/how-apiary-works).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is much more Apiary can offer you. This chapter covers only basic, however, there is also a paid version that provides much more functionality. You can find more info [here](https://apiary.io/how-apiary-works).
```
